Sparlock, attack!
Oh no, it’s Sparlock!
Caleb!
We need someone to save us!
Ca-Caleb!
Sparlock can!
Activate your magic, Sparlock!
Caleb!
Hi. How was school today?
Fine.
Look at Sparlock’s magic cape!
Caleb, what toy is that?
It’s Sparlock, the Warrior Wizard!
Whoa!
A warrior wizard!
Yeah!!!
My friend gave it to me!
All the kids are going to see the movie!
Can I see it too?
Oh, your friend gave this to you.
Hmmmm, you look pretty excited about this.
Why don’t you come over here
and get your snack, OK?
Is this toy magical?
Uh-huh.
Caleb,
who likes magic, Jehovah or Satan?
Satan.
Right.
Magic is bad.
That’s why Jehovah hates it.
Do you really want to play
with something that Jehovah hates?
Do you remember
who we learned about at family worship?
Who is this?
Adam and Eve.
Right!
Did they obey Jehovah?
No, they disobeyed Jehovah
and he got very sad.
So, what if you disobey Jehovah
and play with toys he doesn’t like?
Do you think Jehovah will be happy or sad?
Sad.
Yeah.
Do you want Jehovah to be sad?
No!
I don’t want Jehovah to be sad with me!
No, I don’t want Jehovah
to be sad with you either!
So, what do you think
you should do with this toy?
Caleb,
I am so proud of you!
You made Mommy very happy.
And you know who else is happy?
Jehovah!
Yes!
Jehovah loves you very much
for obeying him, Caleb!
Hey!
You know what I want to do?
What?
I want to go ride bikes!
Yea!
Let’s go!